https://codepen.io/BritHemming/pen/eYYEoPa?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    give content meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    structure the website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    defines elements/opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Largest headder/only 1 time
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    src/alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata
    7. What is an id?
    uniuqe label for a element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1 time
    10. What is a class? 
    can be used more then 1 time
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
     will provide more info should the image not corretly display
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is more grouped
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    add color and style
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id is used 1 time a class would be used to call multi times
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful
    children of elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    hover would be a example
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    pixel values
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    dotted 1px balck
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
     rm/may not want it gone
    34. Why should I use version control?
    prevents conflicts 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    about 20mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, name will be added to fork, add tl, clone the repo,
    find the directory, git clone <link-to-repo>, cd into new repo, git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' , commit, push, the pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
